Bug-1659500 contextualIdentities API undefined in Firefox for Android (#38427)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but not functional. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))

Author: @bsmth I wanted to avoid any connotation that we were removing contextual identities. This is more a case of hiding it until the implementation works as it should.

> - The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but not functional. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))

Reviewer: A side effect of this change is that it is no longer possible for extensions to activate the container tab functionality on Firefox for Android. This was also tied to the "contextualIdentities" permission, but not correctly implemented.

^ the above additional context is also mentioned in the bug.

> - The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but not functional. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))

Author: @Rob--W could you please clarify? As you note, the permission is mentioned in the bug, but there's no specific information, that I can see, as to what changes may have been made. It would seem that we've always marked the permission as supported (from Firefox for Android 53) and always marked the API as unsupported, with its note about the API being accessible but not functional. Should the permission be amended to indicate that it was never supported or that it was withdrawn in 138?

> - The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but not functional. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))

Reviewer: Here is something to start with, please wordsmith as needed.

```suggestion
- The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but defective. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
- The `contextualIdentities` permission is now unrecognized on Android. Previously it enabled a broken version of the "containers" feature, now it does not any more. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
```

> - The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but not functional. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))

Author: ```suggestion
- The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but defective. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
- The `contextualIdentities` permission is now not recognized on Firefox for Android. Previously, it enabled a broken version of the "containers" feature. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
```
